dude this fucking sexist like - Blaziken
this six is fucking amazing
I don't know if I hit okay I'm really
good
okay 50 doesn't here yes dude this year
good stuff like that damn
everybody's like a lots of impacts dude
what's impacts like in his show hey BECs
a fax from the know Jeff throw a stun at
me and I'll let you up throw stuff in
auto
oh my god oh my god yo guys I got guess
what guess what kills free guy got
rhymes with predator myth hole did I
hear hear
alright what's going on guys today I'm
doing a Q&A with my boy faze rain really
much all right get the fuck up victim I
go alright so as you can tell by the
title I'm not the biggest fan of faze
rain right now the reason I'm saying
that is because you'll go on my Twitter
randomly or you go my youtube you go to
see a bunch of like videos from gay porn
the little did he know little did I know
until later actually have the face cam
recording the entire time and just watch
for proof look at the little snake
like L on it to watch this clip you're
so gay dude why wake up in the morning
and we just like our mind is set the
cutting comments illiterate not a day
goes by we don't cut calm it honestly
become first nature for us now like I
don't like do I dream about cutting calm
no it's gonna work okay call the phase
members and say nothing more stays long
and so we're gonna call phase adaptors
not again what your names are read I
guess we could say that you're red apex
right we're gonna test you over a little
bit hold on did anyone say you're not
funny you're the Canadian in that he's
never gonna test you hold the fuck are
we gonna back up Oh tell me they will
fucking billiards I feel you lost the
world
the bear oh right very dear do you look
there you go
Thank You screw he's gonna bill you
across the world I'm blotting this shit
and I'm warning again oh they're blood
you know they're they want you to be
they may have like such a crazy mod
power than you think a pick us up in the
lobby and please back in here on the
origin watch your Xbox fuckin is open
huh I'm scared I'm scared dude an exit
explosive barrel and I can't move
oh go for it guys I'm sorry if I hit
here we go going for over a big all
right I didn't need you oh yes any
weather call me daddy and I will do it
call me daddy Oracle I'm fuckin calling
it in you're not calling it in ya call
call me fucking daddy then yes why mw2
trickshot tutorial Mac swap in depth all
right sounds easy enough
five four
I said it you're in liked it pick it I
said it say it again there you did say
is it's a liar the mic must not be
picking it up I'm kind of connectional
issue it's not just scary that one of us
is gonna show this game dude if one of
us hit a shot this game we're both being
kicked from phase and I can actually
take us both because I am the official
co-leader of the faze clan actually two
side on you - no fuck away you know away
dude I know you no way no way I started
shotted it - oh you are so gay next
question from Luna Coffee gamma
challenge my question just a stick I
could do it we have a gamma here
obviously but there we go no oh oh yo I
just realized something we're gonna have
to bring up we're gonna have to leave
you video why I'm not wearing matching
Astros only clothes today
oh do Delta because you had a shot -
that blows yeah we're gonna I'm not show
the face cam and I'm gonna have white
Astros in a black t-shirt with the fuck
trying to make a fucking fashion
statement out here can be wearing that
I didn't think that I ever in my life
that I would wake up and do a video with
the teen pop sensation phase rain and
1v1 them with riot shield but oh now
that you stole for the c4 1v1 oh my god
dude I see it I've asked if you had the
cake one person of the house who would
it be and why
um um hey dude you want to stop at
Citibank
yeah we can go to the bank tomorrow yeah
before we go to Tennessee for sure stop
with the banks for sure nice new - yo am
I not allowed to new - shit the squad
doesn't need to shit shit shit I didn't
know anything that's not going in the
video right it's Jeff Oh Jeff videos yes
about nine hearts pound go my heart's
pounding
I'll do the gamma song for the ultra
dude do come on you really did it once
nope oh fuck dude you're gonna be up all
night dude - gamma challenges
you